hey guys today I'm going to be doing the
highly requested birthday haul I turned
15 last Friday I just wanted to throw
this out there I'm really not trying to
brag whatsoever I really love everything
that I got and I feel so thankful to
actually have people that would actually
give me things on my birthday so I just
want to say thank you so much to anybody
who did get me anything I'm just going
to get started now
for my birthday I got some gift cards
Starbucks 1a Amazon 1 a1 and American
Eagle what these were distributed over
many different people
next I'm going to show you all the
things that I got from my parents I'm
through my birthday so they put it all
in this bag so it's a bunch of stuff and
I'm just I'm just gonna show you what's
in the bag I got a body wash and the
same least a knife body wash I also got
this laptop case I believe my mom got it
from I don't know where she got it from
either like OfficeMax or like five below
or something but I really like it I got
some watermelon got I'm just gonna go so
random because I honestly there's no
particular order it's Maybelline
concealer Dream Lumi touch I also got
this Wet n Wild mega length mega length
mascara I also got the Maybelline fit me
um shine free foundation stick the NYX
blush and terracotta so I've got the NYX
um I I brow pencil board just like an
eyeliner in white pearl and then I also
got the NYX jumbo eye pencil in iced
mocha which is like a really gorgeous
gorgeous like I don't even know how to
describe this color it's fantastic the
Maybelline Color sensational lipstick
and this is a luminous lilac and it's a
nice like shimmery pink polish and I'm
wearing it right now it's in mod about
you and I really love it so much I also
got the Maybelline Color tattoo in back
to the bra up no no no no this is in
toughest hope I got the Maybelline um
Maybelline Dream matte powder
and light new baby lips came out again
there's like so many new baby lips that
are coming out which i okay with because
I love them and they just look like this
and they're called the Medicaid they're
the medicated doctor rescue on it in
pink pink me up
soothing sorbet which is like the darker
color um coral crave a coral and then I
got very soft and what to uh Save Mart
and um cuz I got birthday money so some
of these things I bought with my
birthday money so I went to Save Mart
and I got some of these cool lip balms
and they're from la girl and they are so
pretty and they looked so they remind me
so much of the baby lips I'm not saying
they're gonna be the new baby lips or
anything but basically the whole theme
is that they're like each like each one
is a different City so this one's Tokyo
and if you open it oh I didn't open this
one yet
it actually has tokyo city around
there's New York City and that's like
just like New York City this is Paris
and it just has the city parents really
think they're so pretty and I can't wait
to turn them all out
they're like a dollar fifty each which
is amazing oh my god for my parents and
now I'm gonna show you what I got from
my friends and family my Birds
my friend she got me this little cute
little set from Bath and Body Works and
it happens just to be what I'm like in a
sense and it's pink chiffon so I'm going
to show you what stuff got it if you
watched my fall beauty haul you would
have seen her so definitely go check
that out after this because she's one of
my best friends and I really really am
so thankful for what she got me she
totally overdid it just thinking she got
me oh my god so cool the case and it's
like an eye guy thing and you like it's
a person she also got me this sweater
and it is oh my gosh
it just says meow on it and it's a crop
sweater and I'm obsessed with it she
also got me this shirt and it's a nice
cropped top she also got me this nail
polish and became nonono and boxer
shorts and I don't know how but she
actually got me the exact one I've been
eyeing for ever she got me this mug and
it it's amazing so it starts off like
this
and it like has like droopy eyes and
then you add the coffee it wakes up yeah
I've used it it works
she got me these baby lips and she
actually visited a different country so
she got them when she visited but yeah
she got me these baby lips and I don't
know if you can get them in the US if
you can but they came in a pack of four
she got me this little set from
basketball on this little thing from
Bath and Body Works and it's in pairs
some more love that set too so she got
me these bow earrings which are so cute
she got me these like MIDI um MIDI rings
which I was dying to get so I'm so happy
she got me Mac stud earrings and they
look like little studs they're awesome
also from forever 21 and lastly she got
me this picture frame and it says
friends on it and it has a bunch of
pictures and a collage of pictures um of
us on it so thank you so so much stuff I
know you're watching this because you
watch all my videos but thank you so
much you honestly have no idea how
thankful I am for everything you got me
put my friend list got me and she'll
probably be an upcoming video because
lives awesome and she's one of my best
friends so yeah where she got me this
Batman
um bobblehead and so me stuff and like
we're all friends and we're going to be
I'm gonna be Batman stuff's gonna be
spider-man and my friend live it's going
to be Iron Man but she got me a Batman
bobblehead because she knows I'm gonna
be Batman for Halloween got me a
Starbucks gift card I swear I got like
so many stars more pumpkin spice latte
for me and then she also got me picture
frames and I honestly love pictures
they're my favorite thing but they're
like red picture frames that's that's
I'll show you uh pick this that's live
but my friend Sophia she got me this
Starbucks gift card from my friend Haley
she got me a there Bradley little
teaching thing and I cannot wait to use
it she almost got me a mini pack of five
got um also my friend my friends Haley
and Jamie made me this at all Tomas -
and it's just a hard drive with a bunch
of pictures and memories and videos and
songs it means so much to me that they
put time and
and making such a beautiful present for
me the next presents are from my sister
so she first got me this sweatshirt just
has this marble um it's like a marvel
you know superhero sweatshirt
I seriously live in this not me this
awesome shirt from Charlotte Russe this
yin-yang like crop top I'm obsessed with
this my sister got me these basketball
socks and with breast cancer on them
because it's breast cancer I'm wearing
this month and yeah
now it is it's October and I also just
really love Metcalf socks and she also
got me this naked skin baby cream
foundation type thing and I'm so psyched
to try this out does that meet this
pinch emergency kit for her and it comes
with a bunch of things I swear so many
so many things so she got me this ring
and it's like a chain and it's like
actually a chain like when you take it
off it it's like what is it called it's
like you know what I'm saying and then
she also got me this ring and it looks
like a cat so that's what I got for my
birthday and I also got some money from
my aunts so thank you so much aunt Kim
if you're watching this I'm pretty sure
you are because you watch my videos too
thank you guys so so much if you got me
anything and just thank you guys for
making this birthday amazing thank you
guys for also wishing me happy birthday
I got a bunch of happy birthdays from
you guys like a lot of happy birthdays
from you guys so that really brighten my
day anyways thank you guys a lot for
watching and I'm gonna go now but bye
guys